docs/getting_started/index.md, before:


# Getting started

Getting Started with Ongaku.

In the following documents, you will learn how to work with ongaku, from its most basic features, to its more advanced features.

## Installation

To install Ongaku, simply run the following:

```
pip install hikari-ongaku
```

## Q's and A's
Below, will be the most common questions, and some answers to said questions.

<br>

|Question|Answer|
|--------|------|
|Why can't I use ongaku with a rest bot?|Ongaku relies on events, like the [Voice Server Update](https://docs.hikari-py.dev/en/latest/reference/hikari/events/voice_events/#hikari.events.voice_events.VoiceServerUpdateEvent) and the [Voice State Update](https://docs.hikari-py.dev/en/latest/reference/hikari/events/voice_events/#hikari.events.voice_events.VoiceStateUpdateEvent) events. Without them, the bot has no idea if its joined a voice channel, or the websocket connection, that it can stream audio to.|
|What is Ongaku compatible with?|Ongaku should be compatible with all hikari based command handlers and component handlers, however, further testing is required.|


### What is auto nodes
Auto nodes, is a simple feature, for creating new nodes (basically shards, for lavalink), without you having to do anything.

### Why auto nodes?
Auto nodes, means that for every shard your bot creates, it will create a new node. It makes sure that there isn't a heap of players on a single session.

If you would like, it is totally safe to disable this, but you need to create at least one node, so players can actually be created.

Commit message:

Added lots of new things!
switched up how nodes are done, so you can have manual nodes now!
changed the way player's and node's are created. (still, tbd)
added new docs sections for all of that information.

docs/getting_started/index.md, after:


# Getting started

Getting Started with Ongaku.

In the following documents, you will learn how to work with ongaku, from its most basic features, to its more advanced features.

## Installation

To install Ongaku, simply run the following:

```
pip install hikari-ongaku
```

## Q's and A's
Below, will be the most common questions, and some answers to said questions.

<br>

|Question|Answer|
|--------|------|
|Why can't I use ongaku with a rest bot?|Ongaku relies on events, like the [Voice Server Update](https://docs.hikari-py.dev/en/latest/reference/hikari/events/voice_events/#hikari.events.voice_events.VoiceServerUpdateEvent) and the [Voice State Update](https://docs.hikari-py.dev/en/latest/reference/hikari/events/voice_events/#hikari.events.voice_events.VoiceStateUpdateEvent) events. Without them, the bot has no idea if its joined a voice channel, or the websocket connection, that it can stream audio to.|
|What is Ongaku compatible with?|Ongaku should be compatible with all hikari based command handlers and component handlers, however, further testing is required.|
|What is auto-nodes?|Auto-nodes is basically, a simple, built-in node creation and managing function, which requires no outside setup.|
|Why would I use auto-nodes, over manual nodes?|It's up to you, making your own is completely fine, but auto-nodes will be more simple, for new-comers, and simple bots.|

Got another question that should be added? contact me via [contact@mplaty.com](mailto:contact@mplaty.com)
